If you're looking at the crypto charts right now thinking that this is the time to buy altcoins,
then you are dead wrong and let me tell you why. If you look at a list of the top 10 or even up to
the top 50 altcoins in the crypto market right now and you chart them on their Bitcoin pairs,
what you'll notice is that the vast majority of them are underperforming Bitcoin, which means if
you're choosing to buy those coins, you're essentially underperforming Bitcoin at the
current stage of the market cycle that we're in. And usually what happens is as we head out of a
bear market into a new bull market, Bitcoin is the dominant performer. Bitcoin dominance goes up,
which for altcoins means that altcoins tend to underperform until a new pack of leaders emerge
that actually are able to outperform Bitcoin on the way up. If we look at last market cycle, for
example, at the very beginning, the first major leader in the market was Solana. This time around,
nobody knows exactly what that first major leader is, what that first set of major leaders is going
to be in the next bull market. Now, I'm not saying the next bull market is starting right now or
starting next month, but what I am saying is you do not want to be positioning too early into the
wrong coins that end up inevitably underperforming. That's what so many investors did in the previous
market cycle, and they never got anywhere versus just buying and holding Bitcoin, which would have
given them all the returns they were looking for without any of the downside and without the
frustration. Now, if you're an investor who's consistently been making mistakes when it comes
to crypto and not understanding how to tie market cycles, chart altcoins against their Bitcoin pairs
and understand how to rotate effectively as the cycle progresses, I am hosting a free live
workshop this Saturday to explain my exact crypto investing strategy for this upcoming market
cycle and what I'll be doing to compound my portfolio for a third cycle in a row. If you
want to be there, comment the word workshop Saturday, May 2nd at 12pm Eastern. I will see you there.
