Real estate investors, listen up. Real estate has been absolutely a dead sector for the past
couple of years in the stock market, but it is starting to wake up. If you pull up the ETF XLRE,
you can see that real estate is starting to break out in the market. Now, what does this mean? This
means home builders, REITs, you name it, everything correlated with real estate and tied to real
estate and real assets is starting to break out and move that index fund higher. What that also
means is that the market is starting to price in the potential rebound in home sales, or at least
the potential rebound in the amount of transactions, new builds, you name it happening in the housing
market. Now, do I think this trend is real and emerging in the real economy right now? 100%
there's evidence of it, but what there's more evidence of is investors starting to reposition
into this particular ETF and the names that are within it, signaling that capital is looking for
a rotation play in a part of the market that's been very oversold, very undervalued for a very,
very long time. Now, over the long term, XLRE, real estate, anything related to that in the stock
market, not an amazing investment for growth, more so a defensive and protective play for your
portfolio. But when you ride a new breakout, right at the beginning of a trend before anyone's talking
about it, nobody on CNBC, nobody on Bloomberg is talking about real estate right now, you may be
able to capture a trend before it develops into a new mania phase in the market. People are talking
about AI, people are talking about halo, heavy assets, low obsolescence, nobody is yet talking about
real estate. My equities analyst and I put together a list of some of the top real estate names that we want
to own in our portfolios over the next couple of years reserved for BMD members. And if you want to
learn exactly how our stock screening process works, comment the word process and I'll send you to our
YouTube channel to gain further insights in what we do.
