All right, US Iran's ceasefire is 48 hours away.
What's gonna happen this week?
My take, Trump is a deal maker.
He's going to bring us to that extreme level
of brinksmanship that we see every single time
and then deescalate.
And of course, what we're gonna see happen
as a result of that is another timeline
that's created and pushed out
for when this conflict is gonna be quote unquote resolved.
But what has not been resolved yet
and what the world cares a lot more about
than what's happening in the news
is what's happening in the Strait of Hormuz
with the flow of oil,
which as of right now is at a standstill.
The US was able to capture an Iranian cargo ship.
Basically, Iran said,
we're gonna close the Strait again
as a result of this and your Navy blockade.
If you don't get rid of your Navy blockade,
we're not gonna move forward
at the negotiation table with you.
We're not going to unblock the Strait
and we still have all of these energy disruptions happening.
Now, at some point,
we've been in this conflict for six months.
This is going to catch up with the world's energy supplies,
liquefied natural gas.
European airports are gonna run out of jet fuel
in the next couple of weeks
if they do not get the Strait reopened.
And again, it takes four weeks for tankers to move
from the Middle East all the way up to Europe.
And then it takes another two weeks of refinement
from there for those shipments
to actually end up becoming jet fuel
that are at European airports.
So we are reaching the point
where the world is going to wake up
to how much of an impact
this has already had on the global supply chains.
And eventually,
that impact is going to trickle into the markets.
And if it doesn't,
like I said last week,
we are in a new paradigm shift.
If you wanna hear exactly what I talked about
and what we're looking for in the horizon,
comment the word podcast,
watch the most recent episode I did
with my head of equity strategy
where we laid out exactly
where we think the next couple of months
are going in markets
and how you can make the most of them alongside us too.
