Is the Strait of Formu's open or closed?
The truth is, nobody actually knows,
including shipping executives
who are struggling to determine
how they are going to get their fleets
back to the Strait of Formu's filled up with oil
and back on their way out to the countries
that are waiting before Europe, before Australia,
before Asia, runs out of their supplies of fuel,
LNG, jet fuel, you name it,
the world runs on oil and the world runs on energy.
The rhetoric right now in the news
is that the Strait of Formu's is open
and then it's closed and then it's open again
and then it's closed and then there's this going on
and then there's that going on
and there's this ceasefire and there's that peace deal
and there's all these ceasefire breaks
and there's a he says, she says this
between the US and Iran.
The truth is he who controls the narrative
controls the power.
The US wants the rest of the world to believe
that they are in control of this situation
when they very much are not yet fully in control
of what's happening in the Strait of Formu's.
The markets have you convinced that everything is fine
and that this energy disruption
is not gonna last any longer than it already has.
The truth is, is it's going to continue to hit
and melt the data in the direction of market downside
over the next six months.
And if the markets continue to go higher,
even if the macro environment gets worse,
then I'll tell you what, my friends,
we are living through a paradigm shift in markets
that is being driven by AI super investment.
Where does that lead us to?
Bubble territory.
Every great stock market rally that was unchallengeable,
that was so strong that nothing could ever erode it,
eventually winded up being a bubble
and sent us into a nasty, nasty bear market.
The truth is, you just don't wanna make sure
that you end up on the wrong side of that market
when it happens.
If you wanna learn how I prioritize risk management
when I'm investing, DM me the word BMB
and I'll show you exactly what we use
to take us out of the market before things get ugly
and keep us in while the fun stays rolling.
But one thing you can never forget
is that the punch bowl never stays spiked forever.
So, let's go.
